conversation D. Now the school nurse is going to give some advice on how to stay healthy.
Good morning. I'm Jane Wang, the school nurse and I'd just like to say a few words about
keeping fit and healthy eating. Before school, during the breaks and at lunch time, you'd
better go outside and take some exercise in the school field, play football or basketball
or try running. Anything you like, just to get you out of the classroom and move outside
in the fresh air. The school doesn't allow students to eat fast food. Fast food is very
unhealthy. At the school dining hall, you can get some healthy food. Breakfast is served
from 8 to 8.30. During the break from 10.30 to 10.50, you can get some fruit or a drink.
Lunch time is at 1 o'clock and there are plenty of healthy choices like soup, vegetables,
fish and chicken. All the food is both delicious and healthy. I can promise you.